A blindman may sometimes shoot a crow.
A brave man or fortunate one is able to bear envy.
A broken hand works, but not a broken heart.
A broken heart is a monument to a love that will never die.
fulfillment is a monument to a love that is already on its deathbed.
A buddy from my old stomping grounds.
Be just before you be generous.
Be moderate in prosperity, prudent in adversity.
Be so true to thyself, so thou be false to others.
Be the hardest, rather than to be the best.
Be there when people need you.
Be wise, soar not too high to fall, but stoop to rise.
Be wisely worldly, be not worldly wise.
Childhood shows the man as morning shows the day.
Children always turn towards the light.
Children are poor man's riches.
Children and fools tell the truth.
Children have the qualities of the parents.
Children's play.
Names and natures do often agree.
Nature abhors a vacuum.
Nature does not proceed by leaps.
Nature is the art of God.
Nature is the best physician.
Nature is the glass reflecting God.
Jack would be gentleman if he could speak French.
Jealousy and anger shorten life, and anxiely bring an old age too soon.
Jealousy, the jaundice of soul.
Jewel in a dunghill.
Joy and sorrow are next-door neighbors.
Teaching is learning.
Teaching others teaches yourself.
Tell me the company you keep and I will tell you what you are.
Tell not all you know, believe not all you hear, do not all you are able.
Tell that to the horse marines.
Untaught than ill taught.
Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.
Up corn, down horn.
Use a chicken instead of a pheasant.
We are born crying, live complaining, and die disappointed.
We are more often frightened than hurt our troubles spring more often from fancy reality.
We are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine.
we are only falsehood, duplicity, contradiction;
we both conceal and disguise ourselves from ourselves.
We are rarely proud when we are alone.
We are so accustomed t disguise ourselves to others,
that in the end we become disguised to ourselves.
We can not well do without our sins; they are the highway of our virtue.
We can see through others only when we see through ourselves.
We can't reach old age by another man's road.
We do not talk, we bludgeon one another with facts and theories.
gleaned from cursory readings of newspapers, magazines and digests.
We forget our faults easily when they are known to ourselves alone.